What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When a repository is initialized, a .git file is added into the directory, and key meta information is stored in that file.
That file is the key to git handling version control on that directory.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The working directory is the currently available set of files (the checked-out committ). The repository is a set of 
files from different times, and it is managed by the .git file stored in the working directory. The staging area is 
a list of files that have been chosen to included in the next commit. This helps the user choose what files should
and what files shouldn't be included in a given committ.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

Look at git status, and make sure that only one logical change is represented. Then commit an update. Do this every
time before each commit. If multiple logical changes are there, pair the staging area down and commit right away.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Branches are best suited to tenetive changes such as complex refactoring that you think might work, but aren't fully
sure about yet. Also changes that will take a project in a new direction also might need their own branch.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Diagrams can help me recognize how the different commits are connected to one another, and how the branch structure
works. Also, with diagrams it is easy to see why some older commits may not be reachable from a given state. For this
reason, it is impoortant to store commit ID histories...

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

The result of merging branches is an updated master branch (or whatever you merge into), which contains all of the 
commits from both branches. This is great for keeping track of and updates and feature development, but the problem 
is it makes the log messy. Better understanding of how to use 'git show', and other commands make this less of a 
problem.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Automatic merging makes it much easier for teams of people to keep up with a master version. As new features, or 
functionality are added, project trial versions of a software can be merged with a master to keep an up-to-date 
version available. Manual merges would be very time consuming, especially with larger projects. However, error messages
related to the computers inability to determine which version is meant to stay can be a real pain.